Correct errors in the reference of extern functions definitions and declarations (#652)
rust-lang-nursery/reference: src/items/external-blocks.md

> _NamedFunctionParametersWithVariadics_ :\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; ( _NamedFunctionParam_ `,` )<sup>\*</sup> _NamedFunctionParam_ `,` `...`

> External blocks provide _declarations_ of items that are not _defined_ in the

Reviewer: I think this could be more explicit that these are "imports" of a sort.

Author: I've tried to clarify that.

> current crate and are the basis of Rust's foreign function interface. Using

Reviewer 2: "Using" is ambiguous; for example:
```rust
extern "C" {
    fn foo();
}

fn bar() { let _ = foo; }
```
does compile just fine and is one form of "using".

Author: Nice catch. I would suggest replacing "using" with "calling" for functions and "accessing" for statics, but I'm not sure if those are comprehensive enough.

Reviewer 2: I agree that "calling" and "accessing" are better. :)

Reviewer: Note that for functions this can be explained by the type: they are `unsafe fn`s, whereas I think even `let _ = FFI_STATIC;` requires `unsafe`.

Reviewer 2: @eddyb `let _ = FFI_STATIC;` works without `unsafe`; https://play.rust-lang.org/?version=stable&mode=debug&edition=2018&gist=5e582a3d7aa9dc49b3a250a6861a80b9

Author: I've disambiguated that.

> items declared in external blocks is `unsafe`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
items declared in external blocks is only allowed in an `unsafe` context.
```

> _NamedFunctionParametersWithVariadics_ :\
> &nbsp;&nbsp; ( _NamedFunctionParam_ `,` )<sup>\*</sup> _NamedFunctionParam_ `,` `...`

External blocks provide _declarations_ of items that are not _defined_ in the
current crate and are the basis of Rust's foreign function interface. These are

> sort of like unchecked imports. 

Reviewer 2: Nit: "sort of like" reads rather like spoken English (not something you'd find in an IEEE paper...).

Author: I didn't intend to take @eddyb feedback literally here, but that's the best I could come up with. 

These blocks declare that something exists in a particular way. If you "use" (call, access, etc.) it and it doesn't exist, or it exists in a way that's different than how you declared it: boom. If you don't actually use it, whether it exists doesn't matter, and if it doesn't, that's ok.

OTOH, to me, an import is an operation that brings something into scope that exists. If it doesn't exist, then you can't import it. So I'm not sure what would be the best way to make an analogy with imports here.

Maybe something like

> Declarations are similar to imports, in that they bring an item into scope. The main difference is that an import requires an item to exist, while a declaration states that an item exists with a particular type signature, path, etc. As long as a declared function is not called or a declared static is not accessed, these declared items do not need to exist. This allows, for example, declaring a dynamically-linked function unconditionally, as long as it is only used when the function is actually dynamically linked. 

?

Author: Maybe with an example like this:

```rust
extern "C" { fn foo(); }

fn main() {
    let x = foo;
    if symbol_of_foo_not_linked() {
         link_symbol_of_foo();
    }
    unsafe { x() };
}
```

?

Reviewer 2: @eddyb @ehuss wdyt about the wording ^-- ?

Reviewer: I use "FFI import" to mean something different from what the `use` item does in Rust, so I'm not comparing the two but rather using the more general meaning of "import".

Also, not sure that where the function comes from in terms of linkage is *that* important, compared to the fact that *it likely isn't even written in Rust*, hence "FFI".

> sort of like unchecked imports. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
akin to unchecked imports. 
```
let's make it at least a bit less informal and then land this. :)

are its lifetime parameters, `A1`, ..., `An` are the declared types of its
parameters and `R` is the declared return type.

> Statics within external blocks are declared in the same way as other Rust statics,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Statics within external blocks are declared in the same way as statics outside of external blocks,
```

> with the exception that they may not have an expression initializing their value.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
except that they do not have an expression initializing their value.
```

* `extern "vectorcall"` -- The `vectorcall` ABI -- corresponds to MSVC's
  `__vectorcall` and clang's `__attribute__((vectorcall))`

> Finally, there are some unstable rustc-specific ABI strings:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Finally, there are some unstable `rustc`-specific ABI strings:
```

* `extern "vectorcall"` -- The `vectorcall` ABI -- corresponds to MSVC's
  `__vectorcall` and clang's `__attribute__((vectorcall))`

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 2: oops? ;)

Author: That never happened :P 

I need to figure out a way to rebase the changes done to my branch via the suggestions on top of local modifications without "spurious" merge commits or these issues :/

=======
Finally, there are some unstable `rustc`-specific ABI strings:

* `extern "rust-intrinsic"` -- The ABI of rustc intrinsics, equivalent to `"Rust"`.
* `extern "rust-call"` -- The ABI of the Fn::call trait functions, equivalent to `"Rust"`.

> * `extern "platform-intrinsic"` -- The ABI of Specific platform intrinsics, equivalent to `"Rust"` -- like, for

Reviewer: Not sure these should be documented, we've been meaning to remove all 3 for years...
cc @oli-obk at least for intrinsics we could maybe have an intermediary stage where we do `#[rustc_intrinsic] extern "Rust" {...}` instead of `extern "rust-intrinsic" {...}`?

I would maybe call them "pseudo-ABIs", in that they use the ABI string to indicate something special *not purporting to the ABI*, but are otherwise the "Rust" ABI.

Reviewer 2: They shouldn't; see https://github.com/rust-lang-nursery/reference/pull/652#discussion_r314060449.

For the question of moving towards `#[rustc_intrinsic]` please move this to a rust-lang/rust issue.

Author: I've removed these :)
